Contribution:
My responsibilities in the development of this project were to design the User Interface for the game, and bring together all of the classes and components to produce a final product.
On top of the Display class, I ended up needing to write numerous functions and modify the classes and functions made by other group members to get everything integrated into the GUI.
I don't think there was a class I did not touch at some point in the development timeline. I started off the project creating the initial project structure, then worked on ImGui setup
and getting the makefile working. I also implemented board logic and game controls, new game initialisation, player moving and landing, the GoToJail space, bankruptcy and win logic,
as well as everything shown on the GUI. Special thanks to Kimmy for providing the player, game and space classes for me to build off.

Learning Experience:
During this project I learned a lot about using object pointers and virtual functions to override logic depending on the state of the game. Being in charge of UI, it was an interesting
challenge working with the different object references and pointers, making sure things were defined properly in each scope, and avoiding circular dependencies. I learned about forward
class definitions, dynamic casting, unique pointers, and expanded my knowledge on data structures like maps. Outside of programming, I learnt that good communication is essential for
teamwork to work well.

Reflection:
In hindsight it would've been a better idea to take some time and teach my team members how ImGui works so that they could have a better idea on what was needed in the functions and
classes they created, as well as being able to implement some of the UI themselves. Since I've had experience working on projects of a similar style in the past, as well as using UI
libraries like ImGui, it fell pretty much solely to me to implement the interface, but that could've been avoided if I had been a little more clear on how the implementation would go.
In general I think our biggest weakness as a group was a lack of good communication, which I was also guilty of. Our collaboration did improve as the end of the project drew nearer,
but it really would've benefitted from a bit more delegation and collaborative work. We did have a handful of in-person and online meetings, and although these did help to sharpen our
overall direction, there really wasn't enough certainty when it came to the details. Overall though, I am really proud of our efforts and how the final product has come out.
